{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1042{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\f0\fs20 TOSS-UP\par
\pard 1. BIO; Multiple Choice: Which of the following ways is bacteria used?\par
\par
(w) fermentation of milk\par
(x) filtering water\par
(y) creating computer components\par
(z) sterilizing\par
\par
answer: W-fermentation of milk\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 1. BIO; Multiple choice: What is meant when a bacteria is an obligate anaerobe?\par
\par
(w) it creates food using photosysthesis\par
(x) it can only survive in the presence of oxygen\par
(y) it cannot survive in the presence of oxygen\par
(z) it can only survive in extremely low temperatures\par
\par
answer: Y- it cannot survive in the presence of oxygen\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 2. BIO; Short Answer: Are there any non-parasitic viruses?\par
\par
Answer: no.\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 2. BIO; Multiple Choice: What are bacteriophages?\par
\par
(w) viruses specialized in parasitism of bacteria\par
(x) viruses that act like bacteria\par
(y) viruses that kill bacteria\par
(z) bacteria specialized in parasitism of viruses\par
\par
Answer: W- viruses specialized om parasitism of bacteria\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 3. BIO; Short Answer: What is chromatin?\par
\par
Answer: Chromatin is uncondensed nuclear DNA\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 3. BIO; Multiple Choice: Which of the following is true of chromatin?\par
\par
(w) Every filament of chromatin is a complete DNA molecule \par
(x) chromatin makes up 90% of a mushroom.\par
(y) A chromatin is a type of beetle\par
(z) Chromatin is a dealy poison.\par
\par
Answer: W-every filament of chromatin is a complete DNA molecule\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 4. BIO; Multiple Choice:  What is oogenesis? \par
\par
(w) the production of alleles \par
(x) the destruction of male gametes \par
(y) the production of male gametes \par
(z) the production of female gametes \par
\par
Answer: Z- the production of femal gametes.\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 4. BIO; Multiple Choice: What is a the female version of a gamete?\par
\par
(w) an ovum\par
(x) a cell that fuses with another gamete during fertilization\par
(y) a baby\par
(z) a famete\par
\par
Answer: W- an ovum\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 5. BIO; Mult. Choice: What does the somatomotor system in your body do?\par
\par
(w) brings blood to your heart.\par
(x) makes the food you eat into energy.\par
(y) governs the movement of your heart and lungs.\par
(z) governs the movement of skeletal muscles.\par
\par
Answer: Z- governs the movement of skeletal muscles\par
\pard\qc\par
BONUS\par
\pard 5. BIO; Mult. Choice: The voluntary actions and the postural movements of the human body are carried out by \par
\par
(w) The circulatory system.\par
(x) contraction and relaxation of skeletal muscles.\par
(y) bones\par
(z) A student\par
\par
Answer: X- contraction and relaxation of skeletal muscles.\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 6. BIO; Short Answer: A frog is in what kingdom?\par
\par
Answer: Animalia.\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 6. BIO; Short Answer: A frog is in what class?\par
\par
Answer: Amphibian\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 7. BIO; Mult. Choice: The kingdom animalia contains...\par
\par
(w) a group of single-celled microorganisms\par
(x) a diverse group of eukaryotic microorganisms\par
(y) a major group of mostly multicellular, eukaryotic organisms\par
(z) a group of organisms that lack a cell nucleus\par
\par
Answer: Y- a major group of mostly multicellular, eukaryotic organisms\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 7. BIO; Short Answer: What characteristic separates Animalia from the other kingdoms?\par
\par
Answer: eukaryotic, multicellular, no cell walls, or they are all motile.\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 8. BIO; Short Answer: Which of the following is in the kingdom Archaea?\par
\par
(w) Elephant\par
(x) Nanoarchaeum\par
(y) frog\par
(z) spider\par
\par
Answer: X- nanoarchaeum\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 8. BIO; Mult. Choice: Members of the kingdom Archaea cannot do what?\par
\par
(w) use metal ions as a source of energy\par
(x) reproduce by binary fission\par
(y) reproduce by budding\par
(z) create spores\par
\par
Answer: Z- create spores\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 9. BIO; Short Answer: Biology is the study of what?\par
\par
Answer: The study of living organisms\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 9. BIO; Short Answer: What does the Cell Theory state?\par
\par
Answer: The cell is the fundamental unit of life.\par
\tab All living things are composed of one or more cells or the secreted products of those cells, such as shells.\par
\tab Cells arise from other cells through cell division.\par
\tab In multicellular organisms, every cell in the organism's body is produced from a single cell in a fertilized egg.\par
\tab The cell is considered to be the basic part of the pathological processes of an organism.\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 10. BIO; Mult. Choice: Genes are...\par
\par
(w) what determines your species\par
(x) a yummy snack\par
(y) the primary units of inheritance in all organisms.\par
(z) RNA.\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 10. BIO; Short Answer: In prokaryotes, what is DNA kept in?\par
\par
Answer: the nucleoid\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 11. BIO; Short Answer: Where does all energy needed for life processes originate from?\par
\par
Answer: the Sun\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\line\pard 11. BIO; What is the process in which plants convert sunlight into chemical energy called?\par
\par
Answer: photosysthesis.\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 12. BIO; Mult. Choice: Genetics is the study of\par
\par
(w) the process by which organisms develop\par
(x) the physical proporties of cells\par
(y) genes and heredity\par
(z) biology at the molecular level.\par
\par
Answer: Y- Genes and heredity\par
\pard\qc\par
BONUS\par
\pard 12. BIO; Mult. Choice: Gregor Mendel studied the nature if inheritance in\par
\par
(w) frogs\par
(x) bacteria\par
(y) plants\par
(z) ants\par
\par
Answer: Y- plants\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard\par
13. BIO; Mult. Choice: James D. Watson and Francis Crick determined the structure of \par
\par
(w) RNA\par
(x) bacteria\par
(y) the human skeleton\par
(z) DNA\par
\par
Answer: Z- DNA\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 13. BIO; Mult. Choice: DNA has what type of structure?\par
\par
(w) helical\par
(x) circular\par
(y) triangular\par
(z) square\par
\par
Answer: W- helical\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard\par
14. BIO; Short Answer: Herpetology is the branch of zoology concerned with the study of what?\par
\par
Answer: Amphibians\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 14. BIO; Mult. Choice: Amphibians are defined as\par
\par
(w) animals with a slimy texture\par
(x) Animals which lay eggs on land\par
(y) animals that metamorphose from a juvenile water- breathing form.\par
(z) frogs\par
\par
Answer: Y- animals that metamorphose from a juvenile water- breationg form.\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 15. BIO; Mult. Choice: Orinthology is the study of what?\par
\par
(w) birds\par
(x) fish\par
(y) humans\par
(z) cantaloupes\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\line\pard 15. BIO; Short Answer: The study of prehistoric life is called\par
\par
Answer: Paleontology\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard\par
16. BIO; Short Answer: Which has bigger ears, an African Elephant or an Asian Elephant?\par
\par
Answer: African Elephant\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 16. BIO; Short Answer: What kingdom are elephants in?\par
\par
Answer: Animalia\par
\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 17. BIO; Short Answer: Lack of melanin pigments results in what?\par
\par
Answer: Albinism\par
\pard\qc\par
BONUS\par
\pard 17.BIO; Mult. Choice: Albinism results from inheritence of\par
\par
(w) dominant alleles\par
(x) recessive alleles\par
(y) too much sun\par
(z) not enough sun\par
\par
Answer: X- recessive alleles\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\par
\pard\qc TOSS-UP\par
\pard 18. BIO; Mult. Choice: Cloning is the process of\par
\par
(w) producing populations of genetically-identical individuals\par
(x) splitting DNA\par
(y) producing populations of genetically different individuals\par
(z) sleeping\par
\par
Answer: X- producing populations of genetically-identical individuals\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 18. BIO; Mult. Choice: Which of the following animals can clone itself?\par
\par
(w) Sea Anemone\par
(x) cow\par
(y) starfish\par
(z) cat\par
\par
Answer: W- Sea Anemone\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard\par
19. BIO; Mult. Choice: What was the first mammal to be successfully clones from an adult cell?\par
\par
(w) Alpha the cow\par
(x) Dolly the sheep\par
(y) Phil the goat\par
(z) samrupa the water buffalo\par
\par
Answer: X- Dolly the sheep\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 19. BIO; Short Answer: What are the four basic steps to cloning?\par
\par
Answer: Fragmentation. ligation, transfection, screening/selection\par
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________\par
\pard\qc\par
TOSS-UP\par
\pard 20. BIO; Short Answer: What is the Guthrie Test?\par
\par
Answer: a medical test performed on newborn infants to detect phenylketonuria\par
\par
\pard\qc BONUS\par
\pard 20. BIO; Mult. Choice: What does the Guthrie Test test for?\par
\par
(w) elevated blood levels of the amino acid phenylalanine\par
(x) elevated levels of the bacteris Guthriopos\par
(y) decreased blood levels of the amino acid phenylalanine\par
(z) too much sugar\par
\par
Answer: W- elevated blood levels of the amino acid phenylalanine\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\qc\par
\pard\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\qc\par
\pard\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 