{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. The equation y = mx+ b describes what kind of relationship between variables x and y ?\
linear : Quadratic: Inverse: exponential A) Linear\
2.Vector is a large quantity and a scalar is a small quantity : True or False\
False: \
3. Scalar quantity has a magnitude and a Vector quantity does not. True or False: False : Both have magnitude\
4. Vector quantity is described with a direction and a scalar is not. True or False: True: Vector has magnitude and direction. \
5.Vectors are quantities which depends only upon initial and final state of the object: True\
6. The quantity 20m/s, north is a speed and as such is a scalar quantity. A) False \
7.The quantity 9.8m/s is an acceleration value and as such is a vector quantity A) False , no direction is included.\
8.10 seconds after being dropped from the rest, a free-falling object will  moving with a speed of\
a)about 10m/s. b) about 50 m/s c) about 100m/s. d)more than 100 ms\
A) c . Vfreefallin=Vinitial _a*t\
9.On takeoff, a rocket accelerates from rest at a rate of 50 m/s2 for exactly 1 minute. The rocket's speed after this minute of steady acceleration will be ____ m/s.\
a. 50.0 b. 500.c. 3.00 x 103 d. 3.60 x 103 e. none of these A) C\
10.A speedometer is placed upon a free-falling object in order to measure its instantaneous speed during the course of its fall. Its speed reading (neglecting air resistance) would increase each second by  ____.\
a. about 5 m/s b. about 10 m/s c. about 15 m/s d. a variable amount	e. depends on its initial speed.	\
Answer: B\
\
11.Consider drops of water that leak from a dripping faucet at a constant rate. As the drops fall they ____.\
a. get closer together b. get farther apart c. remain at a relatively fixed distance from one another\
answer B) Since the drops of water are falling, they should be etting farther apart as they fall. This is because the free-falling drops are accelerating and thus gaining speed.\
\
12.Which of the following are always true of an object that is at equilibrium? Include all that apply.\
aAll the forces acting upon the object are equal.\
b.The object is at rest.\
c.The object is moving and moving with a constant velocity.\
d.The object has an acceleration of zero.\
e.There is no change in the object's velocity.\
f.The sum of all the forces is 0 N.\
g.All the forces acting upon an object are balanced.\
Answer: DEFG\
\
13Which of the following are never true of an object that is at equilibrium? Include all that apply.\
\
a.The object is accelerating.\
b.The object is at rest.\
c.The object is moving in a circle at constant speed.\
d.All the forces acting upon the object are equal.\
e.The object is in free-fall.\
f.The object is falling and has reached its terminal velocity.\
g.There is a net force acting upon the object.\
h.The object is moving and moving with a constant velocity.\
Answer ACEG\
14. An object which is movin rihtward has a rihtward force acting upon it True or False A) False\
15.Identify the following objects as being either A Positive b. neative c. neutral\
An object possess more protons than electrons. A\
16. An object possess ore neutrons than electrons. ABC\
17, A formerly neutral object that just lost some electrons. A\
18. A formerly neutral object that just gained some electrons. B\
19. An object which attracts a neatively charged balloon. AC\
20. An object which attracts neutral paper bits and attracts a neatively chared balloon. A\
21. An object that attracts neutral paper bits and repels a negatively charged balloon B\
22. An object which attracts a negatively chared and attracts a positively charged ballon C\
23. An object which attracts a charged balloon (balloon A) which is attracted to a negatively charged balloon ABC\
24. An object which repels a balloon which is repelled by a positively -charged balloon  A\
25. An object around which the electric field vector is directed inwards B\
26. An object around which the electric field vector is directed outwards A\
27.The best definition of refraction is ____.\
a. passing through a boundary b. bouncing off a boundary c. changing speed at a boundary d. changing direction when crossing a boundary Answer B.\
28.If the image was formed in front of the retina rather than behind the retina, then the person would need to correct the vision problem by using a \
a. converging lens b. diverging lens c. achromatic lens d. alarm clock Answer B.\
29.If total internal reflection occurs at a glass-air surface, then _____.\
a.no light is refracted\
b.no light is reflected\
c.light is leaving the air and hitting the glass with an incident angle greater than the critical angle A\
30.When light from air hits a smooth piece of glass with the ray perpendicular to the glass surface, the part of the light passing into the glass _____.\
a. will not change its speed b. will not change its direction c. will not change its wavelength d. will not change its intensity Answer B\
\
31 A farsighted person has difficulty seeing objets which are placed nearby. \
a.Convering lens. b. diverging lens c. Achromatic lens. Answer A\
32. If the image was formed in front of the retina rather than behind the retina, then the person wold need to correct the vision problem by using a A. Converging lens b. diverging lens. C. Acromatic. Answer B\
34. A ray of white light, incident upon a lass prism, is dispersed into its various color components . Which one of the following colors experiences the greatest amount of refraction. a Orange b. violet c. red. d. Green. Answer B\
\
35. When light from air hits a smooth piece of glass (n = 1.5) with the ray perpendicular to the glass surface, which of the following will occur?\
a. reflection and transmission at an angle of 0 degrees\
b. dispersion\
c. refraction at an angle of 41.8 degrees\
d. all of the above will occur Answer A\
36. If total internal reflection occur at a glass-air surface, then \
a. No light is refracted. b. No light reflected c. light is leaving the air and hitting with an incident angle greater than criticle angle. d Light is leaving the air and hitting the glass with an incident angle less than the criticle angle Answer A\
37. Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on a air to glass boundary a.A total reflection.b. total transmission. c. partial reflection, partial transmission. d. partial reflection,total transmission. Answer C\
\
38.Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on an air-to-glass boundary at an angle of incidence less than the critical angle?\
a. total reflection b. total transmission c. partial reflection, partial transmission\
d. partial reflection, total transmission Answer C\
\
39. Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on an glass-to-air boundary at an angle of incidence greater than the critical angle?\
a. total reflection b. total transmission c. partial reflection, partial transmission d. partial reflection, total transmission  Answer A\
40.When light from air hits a smooth piece of glass with the ray perpendicular to the glass surface, the part of the light passing into the glass _____.\
a. will not change its speed b. will not change its direction c. will not change its wavelength d. will not change its intensity  Answer B\
\
41.If total internal reflection occurs at a glass-air surface, then _____.\
a.no light is refracted b.no light is reflected c.light is leaving the air and hitting the glass with an incident angle greater than the critical angle d.light is leaving the air and hitting the glass with an incident angle less than the critical angle Answer A\
\
42.When light from air hits a smooth piece of glass with the ray perpendicular to the glass surface, the part of light passing into the glass a, will not change its speed b. will not change its direction c. willnot change its wavelengyh, d. will not change its intensity. Answer B\
\
43.If carbon tetrachloride has an index of refraction of 1.461, what is the speed of light through this liquid? (c = 3 x 108 m/s)\
a. 4.38 x 108 m/s b. 2.05 x 108 m/s c. 4.461 x 108 m/s d. 1.461 x 108 m/s\
Answer B. v=c/n where n = 1.461 and c = speed of light in a vacuum (3x108 m/s).\
\
44A ray of light in air is incident on an air-to-glass boundary at an angle of 30. degrees with the normal. If the index of refraction of the glass is 1.65, what is the angle of the refracted ray within the glass with respect to the normal?\
a. 56 degrees b. 46 degrees c. 30. degrees d. 18 degrees answer D.\
\
45.Carbon tetrachloride (n = 1.46) is poured into a container made of crown glass (n = 1.52). If the light ray in glass incident on the glass-to-liquid boundary makes an angle of 30 degrees with the normal, what is the angle of the corresponding refracted ray with respect to the normal?\
a. 55.5 degrees b. 29.4 degrees c. 31.4 degrees d. 19.2 degrees answer C\
\
46.A light ray in air enters and passes through a block of glass. What can be stated with regard to its speed after it emerges from the block?\
a. speed is less than when in glass b. speed is less than before it entered glass\
c. speed is same as that in glass d. speed is same as that before it entered glass\
Answer D\
\
47.Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on an air-to-glass boundary?\
a. total reflection b. total transmission c. partial reflection, partial transmission d. partial reflection, total transmission Answer C\
\
48.Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on an air-to-glass boundary at an angle of incidence less than the critical angle?\
a. total reflection b. total transmission c. partial reflection, partial transmission\
d. partial reflection, total transmission Answer C\
\
49.Which of the following describes what will happen to a light ray incident on an glass-to-air boundary at an angle of incidence greater than the critical angle?\
a. total reflection b. total transmission c. partial reflection, partial transmission\
d. partial reflection, total transmission Answer C\
\
50.When light from air hits a smooth piece of glass (n = 1.5) with the ray perpendicular to the glass surface, which of the following will occur?\
a. reflection and transmission at an angle of 0 degrees b. dispersion c. refraction at an angle of 41.8 degrees d. all of the above will occur\
Answer A\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
}