{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Which states produce the most nuclear energy A) Illinois \
2. Can nuclear energy produce smoke? No because the nuclear power is a result of chain reaction of atoms splitting to change the energy atoms into heat energy. Since nothing burns, there is nothing eliminated as smoke\
\
\
3. Does Uranium occur naturally in the earth? A) Yes, uranium was formed billions of years ago.\
\
4. Define Nuclear force A) The force that holds the protons and neutrons in the nucleus is called nuclear force.\
\
5. Which isotope of Uranium is used for nuclear power. A) U-235\
\
6. Explain the configuration if U-235 that makes it useful in nuclear reaction? A) This isotope of uranium, contains 92 protons, 92 electron and 143 neutrons. All the nuclei are unstable . this feature makes U-235 perfect for fission to occur.\
\
7.Explain process of fission. A) Unstable U-235 nucleus is bombarded by neutrons . When a neutron hits the nucleus. the nucleus splits into two smaller, more stable nuclei. These smaller nuclei need fewer neutrons to make them stable and two or three neutrons are usually released. These then cause other nuclei to break up and can start a chain reaction Thus energy in the form of heat is released.\
\
8.Who discovered Nuclear fusion. A 1938 German physicist Hans Bethe.\
\
9.Name some uses of Nuclear energy? A) Nuclear energy is used to generate or make electricity in power plants. In medicine to treat cancer .\
\
10. Give an example of nuclear fission occurng ? A ) Sun\
\
11.How much electricity can one wind turbine produce? A) 50-300 kilowatts .\
\
12. How do windmills work? A) Blowing wind spins the blades on a wind turbine. the spinning bades turn a generator that makes electricity. \
\
13.In the state of California, what percentage of our energy comes from Hydro-electric? A) About 27% of California's electricity generation comes from hydroelectric power. \
\
14.What chemicals are used in batteries A) Zinc can which has a carbon rod and ammonium chloride paste fills up the can. \
\
15. How is electricity produced in batteries? A) The Ammonium chloride paste aid in the reaction of carbon and zinc. \
\
16. What chemicals are used in Car battery. A) lead and Lead Peroxide.\
\
17. How is electricity produced in battery? A) Silfuric acid mixture around the plates make them react. The generator in the car helps rcharge the battery so it can be used again and again.\
\
18. Give examples of chemical energy A) Batteries, Food  to energy, coal ,oil and gas burns to give energy.\
\
19. Give examples of electromagnetic waves A) Gamma, x-rays, infra-red radiation, radio waves, microwaves, and radar.\
\
20. what are some of the Oil reserves? A) Oil from fields not economically extractable at present prices. Oil shale. Tar Sands, oil from coals.\
\
\
21.The amount of work needed to accelerate a mass m from rest to a speed v is defines as? A) K.E. = 1/2 mv2. The object will also do this amount of work on whatever stops it.\
\
22. Energy is measured in what units? A) Joules.\
\
23. Give an example chemical energy into kinetic energy. A) Bus\
\
24. Define law of conservation of energy. A) Energy is neither created nor destroyed.\
\
25. Give an example of potential energy. A) ball when up high in the air.\
\
26. How is heat transfered in solids? A) By conduction\
\
27. Give examples of good insulators. A) non-matals\
\
28. Temp depends on the mass . True or false? False\
\
29. Amount heat energy which a substance has depends on its ? A) Mass\
\
30.Heat can be transfered by convection in liquids and gases. T or F? T\
31. The flow of liquid or gas is called ? A) Convection current\
32.What is elastic potential energy a measure of. A) It is a measure of the restoring force when an object changes shape\
33.Relatioship between energy, force and distance A) E= Force *Distance\
34.Work Done= Energy transferred  T or False? T\
35. What unit is power measured in A) Watts\
36. Relationship between power energy and time A) Power = Energy % Time\
37. What material is used to insulate a space in the loft of a house A) Glass fiber\
38. What is the equation for PE . A) PE= mgh\
39.  What is a PV cell. A) Photovoltaic cell or solar cell is the smallest semi conductor element that converts sunlight into electricity.  \
40. How does the solar cell work. A) Each solar cell is amade of silicon or another semi-conductor material. the silicon is treated so that it generates a flow of electricity when light shines on it. \
41. Define solar module A) Solar modules or panels are series of solar cells wired together into strings and enclosed in self-contained glass units for harsh weather protection. \
42. What is a PV array? A) A series of interconnected syatem of PV modules that function as a single electricity-producing unit. \
43. What is a PV conversion efficiency? A) PV conversion efficiency is the ratio of the electric power produced by a PV device to the power of the sunlight shining on the device. \
44. Do solar cells store energy ?a) No, Solar cells just convert sunlight into electric current that must be used immediately or stored in batteries for later use.\
45. Electric resistance is a measured in ? A) Ohms\
46. Electric power is typically measured in what units? A) Watts\
47. The wire inside an electric bulb is known as the what A) Filament\
48.Infrared light is too long or too short to be visible for humans? A) Too long\
49. What measure of energy comes from the latin word meaning "heat" A) The calorie\
50. Which household appliance uses most energy ?a) Refirerator\
}